TASK0: Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

TASK1: Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

TASK2: Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

TASK3: Write a function that checks for lowercase character.

TASK4: Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.

TASK5: Write a function that prints the sign of a number.

TASK6: Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

TASK7: Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

TASK8: Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

TASK9: Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

TASK10: Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result

TASK11: Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

TASK12: Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

TASK13: If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

TASK14: Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

TASK15: Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

TASK16: Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
